Matter: sharing from Apple/google: update to reflect current SW (#32255)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/matter.markdown

      - Deselect the checkbox, then select **Submit**.
      - In the next step, provide the URL to your Matter server.

> ### To share a device from Apple or Google Home

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase this a bit more, like:

To share a device from another Matter controller (like Apple or Google Home)

> To allow Home Assistant to control the Matter device that has previously been added to Google Home, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow Home Assistant to control the Matter device that has already been added to another Matter controller, like Google Home, follow these steps:
```
